Add January 2023 community update. (#168)
python/steering-council: updates/2023-01-steering-council-update.md

## 2023-01-02

- No meeting due to holidays.

## 2023-01-09

- The Steering Council had their regular check-in with Łukasz (Developer in
  Residence), and discussed planning for the next half year.
- The SC discussed and accepted [PEP 689 (Unstable C API
  tier)](https://peps.python.org/pep-0689/).
- The SC discussed and accepted [PEP 699 (Remove private dict version field
  added in PEP 509)](https://peps.python.org/pep-0699/).

> - The SC discussed the state of the effort to require 2FA in the python
>   repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SC discussed the state of the effort to require 2FA in the
  [python](https://github.com/python) organisation.
```
